Minor: Zerops deployment guide (#781)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/guides/deployment-options/zerops.mdx

## Setting up your Project Infrastructure

There are two ways to set up a Zerops project and a service:

#### Using Project Add Wizard (GUI)

1. Go to your [Zerops dashboard](https://app.zerops.io/dashboard/projects).
2. Add a new project using your sidebar. If you're in compact mode, click on your profile and then "Add new project."
3. You'll be redirected to a page where you can choose a service.

##### For Static:
1. Choose Static.
2. Scroll down and change the hostname to your preference.
3. Scroll down and click on the "Add New Static" button.

##### For SSR - Node.js:
1. Choose `Node.js` and select `version 20`.
2. Scroll down and change the hostname to your preference.
3. Scroll down and click on the "Add New Node.js" button.

#### Using Project Import YAML

**Note**: This is only used for project creation using YAML on the web interface—no need to add it to the project.

1. Go to your [Zerops dashboard](https://app.zerops.io/dashboard/projects) and click on your profile icon if you are a new user. If not, check your sidebar and click on `Import Project`.

##### Static:
```yaml
project:
  name: recipe-solidjs

services:

>   - hostname: app

Reviewer: Maybe (optionally) explain that the hostname is not the actual hostname of your app, but a unique identifier inside your project, lest people try to replace it with their service's origin.

Reviewer 2: Here (infrastructure import YAML) it means the actual hostname, it will be used for the both service name and the hostname under which the service will be accessible inside the project's internal network. 

It's the other place — `zerops.yml` (the file with build and start instructions that you place inside your repository) where `setup`s don't neccesarily have to match the hostname.

```yaml
zerops:
  - setup: app
    build: ...
    run:  ...
```

By default this would be the setup instruction for a service with hostname `app`, but there are edge cases (for example a monorepo with two completely different apps, belonging to different projects within which they are deployed to a service called `app`), in which case you can name the `setup`s whatever you desire and use param of the CLI deploy command / repository connection to say which `setup` should be used. 

But these are quite advanced concepts that I don't think are worth mentioning in Solid's docs.

      start: pnpm start
```

Example for **SSG (Static Site Generation)** Apps:

Set up the `zerops.yml` file in the root of your SSG project. Make sure the setup parameter's value is the same as the hostname of the service.

```yaml
zerops:
  - setup: app
    build:
      base: nodejs@20
      buildCommands:
        - pnpm i
        - pnpm build
      deployFiles:
        - dist/~
    run:
      base: static
```
Push the changes to your GitHub/GitLab repository (necessary if you are planning to use GitHub/GitLab).

## Deploying your apps

### Triggering the pipeline automatically by connecting Github/Gitlab repository
You can push your project by [Triggering the pipeline using Zerops CLI](#triggering-the-pipeline-using-githubgitlab) or by connecting the app service with your [GitHub](https://docs.zerops.io/references/github-integration/) / [GitLab](https://docs.zerops.io/references/gitlab-integration) repository from inside the service detail.

### Triggering the pipeline manually using Zerops CLI

To download the zCLI binary directly, use [zCLI/releases](https://github.com/zeropsio/zcli/releases) or:
1. Install the Zerops CLI using Terminal.
```bash
npm i -g @zerops/zcli

> ```

Reviewer 3: Please use expressive code to show the other supported package managers. We aim to have copy/pasteable code snippets

Example: [quick-start](https://docs.solidjs.com/quick-start`)

Author: Alrightt Sure

2. Open Settings > [Access Token Management](https://app.zerops.io/settings/token-management) in the Zerops app and generate a new access token.
3. Log in using your access token with the following command:
```bash
zcli login <token>
```
4. Navigate to the root of your app (where zerops.yml is located) and run the following command in Terminal to trigger the deploy:
```bash
zcli push
```

> Feel free to check out the [Zerops Docs](http://docs.zerops.io/) and if you're confused by this guide.

Reviewer 3: This line primes our readers to not trust this guide, I'd suggest a re-write.

```suggestion
Check the official docs if you need more advanced use-cases for [Zerops Docs](http://docs.zerops.io/).
```

### Community Links

- [Deploying Solid (SSR +SSG) on Zerops | One Click Deploy - Video](https://youtu.be/QLPEqZdpbxA)
- [Deploying Solid SSG on Zerops](https://youtu.be/G7LfJCfP688)

> - [Deploying Solid SSR on Zerops](https://youtu.be/OaRe--UaWjs)

Reviewer 3: videos in docs are always tricky to have because they fell outdated quickly.
Could you please move these videos to Zerops docs so you don't need our help flagging if they require update?
I wish we could help you maintain those, but at the moment we're stretched thin.

Author: Yuh, i'll just remove them :)
